replication: recovering from long WAL (#9567)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-9094-recovery-from-long-WAL.md

> ## bugfix/replication

Author: Fixed.

> * Now Tarantool sends heartbeats during WAL scan when starting replication
>   to a freshly subscribed replica. This prevents relay from timing out when
>   the replica needs rows from the end of a long `.xlog` (gh-9094).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Now Tarantool sends heartbeats during WAL scanning when starting replication
  to a freshly subscribed replica. This prevents the relay from timing out when
  the replica needs rows from the end of a long `.xlog` file (gh-9094).
```

Author: Done
